multiple docs updates (#2894)
rancher/rke2: docs/backup_restore.md

In RKE2, snapshots are stored on each etcd node. If you have multiple etcd or etcd + control-plane nodes, you will have multiple copies of local etcd snapshots.

> You can take a snapshot manually on demand with the `etcd-snapshot` command. For example: `rke2 etcd-snapshot --name pre-upgrade-snapshot`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can take a snapshot manually with the `etcd-snapshot` subcommand. For example: `rke2 etcd-snapshot save --name pre-upgrade-snapshot`
```

We should probably show the complete `etcd-snapshot` subcommand help somewhere in the docs so folks are aware of the other snapshot commands and options:

```
NAME:
   rke2 etcd-snapshot - Trigger an immediate etcd snapshot

USAGE:
   rke2 etcd-snapshot command [command options] [arguments...]

COMMANDS:
   delete       Delete given snapshot(s)
   ls, list, l  List snapshots
   prune        Remove snapshots that exceed the configured retention count
   save         Trigger an immediate etcd snapshot

OPTIONS:
   --debug                                              (logging) Turn on debug logs [$RKE2_DEBUG]
   --config FILE, -c FILE                               (config) Load configuration from FILE (default: "/etc/rancher/rke2/config.yaml") [$RKE2_CONFIG_FILE]
   --log value, -l value                                (logging) Log to file
   --alsologtostderr                                    (logging) Log to standard error as well as file (if set)
   --node-name value                                    (agent/node) Node name [$RKE2_NODE_NAME]
   --data-dir value, -d value                           (data) Folder to hold state (default: "/var/lib/rancher/rke2")
   --dir value, --etcd-snapshot-dir value               (db) Directory to save etcd on-demand snapshot. (default: ${data-dir}/db/snapshots)
   --name value                                         (db) Set the base name of the etcd on-demand snapshot (appended with UNIX timestamp). (default: "on-demand")
   --snapshot-compress, --etcd-snapshot-compress        (db) Compress etcd snapshot
   --s3, --etcd-s3                                      (db) Enable backup to S3
   --s3-endpoint value, --etcd-s3-endpoint value        (db) S3 endpoint url (default: "s3.amazonaws.com")
   --s3-endpoint-ca value, --etcd-s3-endpoint-ca value  (db) S3 custom CA cert to connect to S3 endpoint
   --s3-skip-ssl-verify, --etcd-s3-skip-ssl-verify      (db) Disables S3 SSL certificate validation
   --s3-access-key value, --etcd-s3-access-key value    (db) S3 access key [$AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID]
   --s3-secret-key value, --etcd-s3-secret-key value    (db) S3 secret key [$AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY]
   --s3-bucket value, --etcd-s3-bucket value            (db) S3 bucket name
   --s3-region value, --etcd-s3-region value            (db) S3 region / bucket location (optional) (default: "us-east-1")
   --s3-folder value, --etcd-s3-folder value            (db) S3 folder
   --s3-insecure, --etcd-s3-insecure                    (db) Disables S3 over HTTPS
   --s3-timeout value, --etcd-s3-timeout value          (db) S3 timeout (default: 30s)
   --help, -h                                           show help
```
